README.md, before:

# PiKrellCam Motion Detection with Sensor Data Logger

This fork introduces an additional web-dashboard driven by a *sqlite* database to keep track of temperature and humidity readings coming from a HDC1080 sensor. This dashboard is accessible by the main page of the camera preview bringing in some statistics of the collected data.

![SensorLogger](screenshots/logger_screenshot_01.jpg)

It is aimed at:

- tracking sensor data;
- keeping the original motion detection component alive and updated;
- improve its original web interface with modern components;
- building a nice dashboard for one or more sensors (via I2C interface);

## Current state (work in progress)

October 2022
- Changed most (if not all) of the original source code indentation style ;)
- Updated web components with recent versions (jquery, jqueryui)
- Introducing bootstrap for the logger dashboard
- Added working support to the HDC1080 temperature and humidity sensor via Python and I2C interface

## Logger Dashboard

The very nice original PHP code from [raspberry_temperature_log](https://github.com/DzikuVx/raspberry_temperature_log) written by Paweł Spychalski has been adapted to be used within this project.

## Legacy Version

PiKrellCam is an audio/video recording motion detect program with an OSD web
interface that detects motion using the Raspberry Pi camera MMAL motion vectors.


Read about it and install instructions at:
[PiKrellCam webpage](http://billw2.github.io/pikrellcam/pikrellcam.html)

Original repository:
    $ git clone https://github.com/billw2/pikrellcam

Commit message:

introducing Bootstrap CSS onto the index page
removed jQueryUI

README.md, after:

# PiKrellCam Motion Detection with Sensor Data Logger

This fork introduces an additional web-dashboard driven by a *sqlite* database to keep track of temperature and humidity readings coming from a HDC1080 sensor. This dashboard is accessible by the main page of the camera preview bringing in some statistics of the collected data.

A WebUI overhaul is ongoing... as much as other changes (work in progress)

![SensorLogger](screenshots/logger_screenshot_01.jpg)

It is aimed at:

- tracking sensor data;
- keeping the original motion detection component alive and updated;
- improve its original web interface with modern components;
- building a nice dashboard for one or more sensors (via I2C interface or external ESP32s);

## Current state (work in progress)

October 2022
- Changed most (if not all) of the original source code indentation style ;)
- Updated web components with recent versions (jQuery)
- Introducing bootstrap CSS for the logger dashboard and the main interface
- Added working support to a single HDC1080 temperature and humidity sensor via Python over I2C interface

## Logger Dashboard

The original PHP code from [raspberry_temperature_log](https://github.com/DzikuVx/raspberry_temperature_log) written by Paweł Spychalski has been adapted to be used within this project.

## Legacy Version

PiKrellCam is an audio/video recording motion detect program with an OSD web
interface that detects motion using the Raspberry Pi camera MMAL motion vectors.


Read about it and install instructions at:
[PiKrellCam webpage](http://billw2.github.io/pikrellcam/pikrellcam.html)

Original repository:
    $ git clone https://github.com/billw2/pikrellcam
